Docs: Minor updates to the Environment variables docs (#23605)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/configure/environment-variables.md

<CodeSnippets
  paths={[
    'angular/my-component-with-env-variables.ts.mdx',
    'web-components/my-component-with-env-variables.js.mdx',
    'web-components/my-component-with-env-variables.ts.mdx',
    'common/my-component-with-env-variables.js.mdx',
    'common/my-component-with-env-variables.ts.mdx',
  ]}
/>

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<IfRenderer renderer={['html', 'react', 'qwik', 'preact','svelte', 'solid', 'vue', 'web-components' ]}>

#### With Vite

> Out of the box, Storybook provides a [Vite builder](../builders/vite.md), so using environment variables here will be quite different from using environment variables in other frameworks that use other build tools. To access environment variables in Storybook (e.g., `STORYBOOK_`, `VITE_`), you can use the `import.meta.env`, which is specific to Vite. For example:

Reviewer: That's not entirely true.  `import.meta` is an ESM standard: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/import.meta, and it is extended by Vite (and snowpack, rip), and webpack can also be configured to work that way too: https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv-webpack.

```suggestion
Out of the box, Storybook provides a [Vite builder](../builders/vite.md), which does not output Node.js globals like `process.env`. To access environment variables in Storybook (e.g., `STORYBOOK_`, `VITE_`), you can use `import.meta.env`. For example:
```

Author: Fixed with the latest commit. Thanks for the suggestion and that bit of information. Appreciate it 🙏

<div class="aside">
💡 By default, Storybook will open a new Chrome window as part of its startup process. If you don't have Chrome installed, make sure to include one of the following options, or set your default browser accordingly.
</div>

## Troubleshooting

### Environment variables are not working

> If you're trying to use framework-specific environment variables (e.g.,`VUE_APP_`), you may run into issues primarily due to the fact that Storybook and your framework may have specific configurations and may not be able to recognize and use those environment variables. If you run into a similar situation and are interested in helping us improving support for this feature, we encourage you to reach out to the maintainers using the default communication channels (e.g., [Discord server](https://discord.com/channels/486522875931656193/570426522528382976), [GitHub issues](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/issues)).

Reviewer: >Storybook and your framework may have specific configurations and may not be able to recognize and use those environment variables.

This is where `envPrefix` can be used, right?  Is that worth mentioning here instead of making it seem like there is no solution?

Author: That's a great catch, and we can pivot the documentation toward it and provide a workaround for this for now. I'll update it shortly.

Author: @IanVS just updated this based on your suggestion. Let me know, and we'll go from there.

Reviewer: Thanks, I think this is good.  For some reason I thought that `envPrefix` was a storybook option, but you're right it's in Vite.  I believe we do read that option though when deciding which env variables to expose to stories.  So, ideally environment variables should "just work" from Storybook's perspective.  But doesn't hurt to point it out and give folks the option to contact us if something wonky is happening.

Author: No problem. Appreciate you taking the time to review it and point me in that direction 🙇 .
